Feat/6737 data workloads testing (#178)
Ensono/stacks-azure-data: docs/workloads/azure/data/etl_pipelines/data_quality_azure.md

```bash
datastacks dq --help
datastacks dq --config-path "ingest/Ingest_AzureSql_Example/data_quality/ingest_dq.json" --container config
```

`config-path` is a path to a JSON config inside the Azure Blob container, `container` is name of the container. The storage account used will be based upon the `BLOB_ACCOUNT` environment variable.

## JSON Configuration File for Great Expectations

This section describes the structure of the JSON configuration file used in our system.
The configuration is defined using Python's Pydantic library for data validation.

Here is the description of the main elements:

1. `gx_directory_path`: Path to the Great Expectations metadata store.
2. `dataset_name`: Name of the dataset that is being processed.
3. `datasource_config`: List of datasource configurations where each configuration contains the following fields:
    1. `datasource_name`: Name of the data asset, e.g., table or file name.
    2. `datasource_type`: Source system type that Spark can read from, e.g. table, parquet, csv, delta.

>     3. `data_location`: Location of the given data asset. It can either be a path to the data file

Author: Do you not think the examples below specify this enough? I guess this assumes they know where the data is saved that they want to run the checks on.

    or a fully qualified table name, depending on the data source. Expectations for each scenario:
       * **File Path**: If the data is stored in a file, like a Parquet file on ADLS, you should
       provide the complete path to the file. Examples:
          * `"abfss://raw@accountname.dfs.core.windows.net/myfolder/mysubfolder/myfile.parquet"`,
          * `"abfss://raw@accountname.dfs.core.windows.net/myfolder/mysubfolder/*"`,
          * `"abfss://staging@{ADLS_ACCOUNT}.dfs.core.windows.net/myfolder/mysubfolder/*"`.
       * **Table Name**: For tables with metadata managed by a data catalog, you should provide
       the database schema and the table name. For example, `staging.table_name`.
    4. `expectation_suite_name`: Name of the expectation suite associated with this data source.
    5. `validation_config`: A list of validation configurations where each configuration contains the following fields:
        1. `column_name`: Name of the validated column.

>         2. `expectations`: List of expectations where each expectation has the following fields:
>         3. `expectation_type`: Name of the Great Expectations expectation class to use.
>         4. `expectation_kwargs`: The keyword arguments to pass to the expectation class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2. `expectations`: List of expectations where each expectation has the following fields:
            - `expectation_type`: Name of the Great Expectations [expectation class](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/) to use.
            - `expectation_kwargs`: The keyword arguments to pass to the expectation class.
```

### Example

Here's a minimal example of a configuration file:

```json
{
    "gx_directory_path": "/dbfs/great_expectations/",
    "dataset_name": "movies_dataset",
    "dq_output_path": "abfss://staging@{ADLS_ACCOUNT}.dfs.core.windows.net/Ingest_AzureSql_Example/",
    "datasource_config": [
        {
            "datasource_name": "movies_metadata",
            "datasource_type": "table",

>             "data_location": "staging.movies_metadata",

Reviewer: Is this a valid example? Would you not need to specify the full path, i.e `abfss://raw@{ADLS_ACCOUNT}.dfs.core.windows.net/pipeline_name/schema.table/v#/*/*/*/*`

Author: I believe this syntax is correct if was using a `table` datasource_type - however we're not currently saving data as tables (@lorraine-houston-ensono could you confirm that?) so agree it'd be better to show an similar to the ones we have with parquet or delta.
